How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Viewing difference btn the two vwrsions of code r=makes it really easy for 
    me to find the errors in my code and even in corrrecting them.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Well,Easy acess to entire history is very useful as it make us to the earlier 
    version easily and reminded me what i thought earlier.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?
     If we manually choose when to commet then there may be chances of choosing 
     wrong time for commet like bit too early or late .On the Other hand advantage
     choosing comit manually is we can commit whenever we make a big change in the 
     code.
    

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Well, Git allows us to save multiple files as in coding there may be some 
    files that may be interrelated and will be called one by other in that case allowing 
    multiple files in a commit  is useful.
How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log will show all the commits we have and and the comment associated with each
    commit and git diff will help us in compairing the differnt commits with the help
    of commit id .

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Well if we have version control we wil not have a fear of not getting back
    the original thing .By using version control we can freely change whatever we
    want without having fear of lossing the original code .

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Well , I will use git hub first for some sample projects and then for my own 
    projects.
